>> Speaker 1: In your experience, what did
successful candidates do from unsuccessful
ones when you break into the market
>> Paul DeBettignies: Successful
ones versus unsuccessful ones.
You have to be a little aggressive.
You have to be motivated.
You have to have an intestinal
fortitude and be cool being told.
No a lot.
Until you get the first job.
By the way that sucks.
By the way that's game in any role,
in any industry anyway.
So I would dare say that this
is tough love that I get over.
But the idea is this if
you want to do this and
you know you want to do this Then and
we were going to talk about attending
meetups in a little bit how to find email
addresses for people how to network.
We're going to talk about
that in a little bit.
But then you will take the things
that we're talking about now and
you will do them even faster than
instead of taking this bit by
bit over the next six months.
So the way I tried to do this deck was
if I were you, I would do these things.
If I were you and I was really motivated,
I would do all these things really fast.
Instead of waiting around.
Yes, ma'am, you had a question?
>> Speaker 1: No, you're good.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH] So
how would I say that I was
attending this bootcamp?
Would that go under education?
Would this just go in my bio?
>> Paul DeBettignies: I would
do it under your education, and
I might put it in the summary,
too, like this one right here.
It can be a little it could
sound a little bit like this.
Right?
recently completed the front end
masters two week beginner boot camp.
With my goal, it could be literally
just this, just swap out the one and
putting this The idea is this.
Just tell your story.
It doesn't need to be perfect.
Like we get stuck by the way.
I'm so like, do you ever do that
when you give somebody advice,
little hair in the back,
your neck stands up.
You get that little chill.
Like hypocrite just went off in the back
of my head while I was giving you
this advice, like just tell your story,
get comfortable with it and
just it doesn't have to be
perfect the first time.
All I hear is in my own head that
21 years in I'm a hypocrite.
Why didn't I write that one blog post?
Why, if you go to my hire me page is it
still a draft from like four months ago?
I suffer from some of this too by the way,
right?
Be okay with where you are.
This says you are not
going to sit here forever.
You are going to learn more things.
You are going to become fantastic coders.
Many of you are going to send me an email
six months or three years from now,
saying, hey, do you remember that one
day in Minneapolis when he came and
he spoke at that thing?
Here's what I'm doing now and
I'm going to be like, fuck, yeah.
It's going to happen.
It's just that right now it might seem a
little scary or a little bit overwhelming.
I'm not a great cheerleader by the way,
this is good as it gets.
But what you all have done here
in the last is a side note for
those of you online and
for those of you for
what you've done the last two
weeks is fucking amazing.
And I told mark,
I wasn't gonna use the F word.
Now I'm going to twice in a minute.
But seriously, you've just been here for
two weeks and if you think about where you
were when I saw you last Tuesday or
Wednesday, where you are today.
Besides being a little fatigue,
probably besides feel like
your head's going to explode.
Which I would say is a good thing.
You are a much different person now
than 12 days ago when I first met you.
Just ponder that, though,
for a minute, okay?
That's my, Mark.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, and also like.
I just feel like tagging on to your thing
of like, I'm not an entry level developer.
I'm a junior developer,
like having that portfolio or
even like doing something for
a local company,
or whatever like, or
a nonprofit that you immediately, sorry.
[COUGH] You immediately qualify yourself
as a junior developer at that moment,
like if you've done one
project if you've done one,
you've shipped one thing to the internet.
You know, I feel like that these
are building countries a junior.
>> Paul DeBettignies: These
are building blocks, right?
And you're building and
you're at the first level and
you're laying a foundation.
This is a great place to be doing it.
I'm hoping that you will watch all of
the rest, not all of the rest, cuz it's
probably that's a lifetime worth of video
that Mark has at Frontend Masters now.
You can't watch all of it,
but just keep going.
And by the way, Google or whatever
search engine will become your best
friend as you learned to ask questions,
right?
So I was at my startup the other day,
not my startup,
the one that I'm advising right now.
And to really talented senior developers
both googling a topic because they
didn't know the answer.
Not knowing is okay.
Learning how to find it out fast
needed and you'll learn this stuff.